Al jaer hasham albara who's here in Doha
and hasham of course over the past few
weeks uh Doha has seen a revolving door
of high level delegates and diplomats in
the hope of reaching a point now where
that we can call progress tell us
more it was a long journey NE there were
moments of up and down and there were
some skepticism about whether this is
something that could be har M by all the
parties but today the qataris are saying
that they are they have reached the
closest point they have ever been in
reaching an agreement the spokesperson
of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said
that this is just a matter of time
before finalizing some small details in
the agreement but he told the media BEC
given the fact that this is a sensitive
issue he didn't want to further
elaborate on some of the sticking points
in that agreement but this could be a
pivotal moment for qatar's diplomacy
which qataris have been instrumental in
convincing Hamas in accepting the terms
of the deal and pushing forward for an
agreement that would pave the way for
the some of the captives to be released
in exchange of Palestinians detained in
Israeli jails to be released at the same
time the establishing of humanitarian
corridors and allowing more Aid into
Gaza if this Happ happens is going to be
the most significant political and
diplomatic development since the start
of the conflict on October the 7th all
right Hashim many thanks there Hashim
albar speaking to us from here in Doha